Welcome to this lesson in this lesson, I'm going to cover IWC Direct Connect Gateway now, the best
way to understand the benefits of Direct Connect Gateway is to have a look at an architecture where
we don't use it and how complex it can get.
And then we're going to look at when we use Direct Connect Gateway and how it can solve some problems.
So here's an example architecture where we're not using Direct Connect Gateway.
Now we have multiple regions and we have an office and we have multiple direct locations in different
parts of the world.
And what we're doing is we're connecting each of those regions to a direct location that's close to
that region and then into a corporate office.
And we're doing the same in the EU central one region at the bottom here as we are in U.S. West one.
So this company now has multiple locations where they then have connections into IWC using DEX.
You then must establish a private vef and that connects to a single VPC in the same region using a virtual
gateway.
We do the same in the second region.
Now Dex is a regional service, so obviously multiple DEX locations have to be used for this topology
and also requires regional offices or long distance expensive links.
So in other words, these customer announcers here have to ever be in one low physical location, one
geographic location, and you've got a very long distance link coming from Europe or the U.S. or these
are multiple offices in different geographical areas.
So when we want to start connecting our offices to multiple regions using Direct Connect, it can become
quite expensive and quite complex.
So now let's look at an architecture where we use Direct Connect Gateway.
So in this case, we have the same two regions.
We have a single corporate office and a single desk location.
And so we now only have that connection in small office from one location and we have a gateway.
And then the DPRK's gateway is actually connecting to multiple regions.
A private Viv is associated with the DCS Gateway, and then the Gateway is associated with a virtual
gateway in each of the regions.
BGP advertises around to all the offices via the DCS Gateway, and the traffic that's going from the
the gateway to these different regions is going over the West backburn, so it's using that consistent
network experience of the IWC global network.
Now, network traffic can go from the office to either region.
So any of the VP picks connected and of course, I'm only showing two here, but you can have many,
many regions that are connected to a DCS gateway.
Now what you can't do is actually route regional traffic from one region to another via the DEX gateway.
It doesn't support that, but you can use it to connect from your corporate office using a single direct
connection into multiple regions around the world.
So that's the gateway.
It's a really useful technology.
If you're a global company, but you don't have global offices or you want a single office location
to have this consistent network experience into multiple regions around the world.
And this is a great technology to use.